archive status page (#7741)
circleci/circleci-docs: jekyll/_cci2/projects.md

![Project Dashboard]({{site.baseurl}}/assets/img/docs/CircleCI-2.0-setup-project-circle101_cloud.png)

> Following a project enables a user to subscribe to [email notifications]({{site.baseurl}}/notifications/) for the project build status and adds the project to their CircleCI dashboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Following a project enables a user to subscribe to [email notifications](/docs/notifications/) for the project build status and adds the project to their CircleCI dashboard.
```
